Update Changelog.md (#730)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for React Native Change Log

## Version 2.5.0 (Under development)

### App Center Auth

> * **[Feature]** Add authentication support for Azure Active Directory (AAD) applications. Users can now connect an [AAD tenant and AAD single tenant (AzureADMyOrg), multi-tenant (AzureADMultipleOrgs) and multi-tenant and personal Microsoft account (AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/single-and-multi-tenant-apps) applications.

Reviewer: @amchew Please review this text.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrasing?
```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add authentication support for Azure Active Directory (AAD) applications. Users can now connect an [AAD tenant, AAD single tenant (AzureADMyOrg), multi-tenant (AzureADMultipleOrgs), multi-tenant and personal Microsoft account (AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/single-and-multi-tenant-apps) applications.
```

Reviewer 2: The link provided: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/single-and-multi-tenant-apps, doesn't really match the terms used in the descriptions, and as a user, I still have questions such as "What is Azure ADMyOrg", "AzureADMultipleOrgs", "AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount"? 

A suggestion would be to either 
1. Find a documentation link that directly explains what the terms "AzureADMyOrg", "AzureADMultipleOrgs", "AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount" mean. Is there such a doc? If so, let's link it.
2. Directly explain the user scenarios from the [linked doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/single-and-multi-tenant-apps). See below for an example of how it would look like. We don't have to use this doc, if there is better documentation that you'd recommend, let's use that.

```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add authentication support for Azure Active Directory (AAD) applications. Users can now connect an AAD tenant with [AAD single-tenant or multi-tenant apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/single-and-multi-tenant-apps) with the following audiences:
  - Accounts in this directory only
  - Accounts in any Azure AD directory
  - Accounts in any Azure AD directory and personal Microsoft accounts
```

fyi @manuchandel

Reviewer 3: I can't find a better documentation but I agree with  @amchew. This looks better, terms are consistent with Azure Documentation.

Reviewer: I like the bullet points update.

The GitHub changelog or release notes do not have to be complete or full of details, it is the docs.microsoft.com site to do that job.

# App Center SDK for React Native Change Log

## Version 2.5.0 (Under development)

### App Center

* **[Feature]** TestApp will now use INT environment.

> 

Reviewer: Remove this line as we don't document test apps only changes.
